It's your turn, I know it's wrong, sorry.
You hit my daughter
I have to double it back
I'll give you this slap back.
You got it right.
I really shouldn't
As long as you calm down
Ning Daji will do it.
Just don't send me to Africa as a coolie
It's up to you.
get away with it.
People like you don't take away long memories
The joy has been done
Justice for you and your girlfriend
Jing Tian, we trouble the dragon guard every time we do this.
Is it bad?
No, Miss Ye, don't worry.
I can solve the problem for Mr. Long
It's my vessel.
happy
Long Huwei said so
Don't be careful
By the way, if there is nothing wrong, I will go first.
Miss Ye, don't forget to see Long Shuai in three days
Why am I a little nervous today?
You said you saw a big-level character like Long Shuai
What should I say?